Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services. This includes:Account information, Content you submit, Actions you take, Transactional information, Other information.

Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you. This includes:Log and usage data - This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms, Location information and others.

Information collected from cookies and similar technologies		
We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar technologies. We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and advertisements, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings. See our Cookie Notice for more information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below.	


Information Collected from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and combine it with our own data using a common account identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you as described in “Your Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below.	

Linked services		
If you authorize or link a third-party service (e.g., an unofficial mobile app client) to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services may also cause the other service to send us information about your account with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To learn how information is shared with linked services, see “How Information About You Is Shared” below.	

Information collected from integrations		
We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services, including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit a site that uses Reddit embeds, we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an advertiser incorporates Reddit’s ad technology, Reddit may receive limited information about your activity on the advertiser’s site or app, such as whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you as described in “Your Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below.	


Information Collected by Third Parties	

Embedded content		
Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Reddit services via “embeds.” For example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or Twitter may load the linked video or tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don’t have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is embedded.	

Programmatic ads		
We partner with third-party programmatic ad exchanges to show advertisements relevant to your interests. In providing those ads, those third parties collect information, including log and usage data and information from cookies as described above. These third parties do not receive any information from your Reddit account.	

Audience measurement		
We partner with audience measurement companies (including Quantcast and Nielsen) to learn demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to recognize your device.	


Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers
If you use Reddit Ads (Reddit’s self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com) we collect some additional information. To sign up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information about your company. If you purchase advertising services, you will need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also require additional documentation to verify your identity. When using Reddit Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service, troubleshooting, and usability research purposes.	

Log and usage data		
We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days

We use information about you: Provide, maintain, and improve the Services; Research and develop new services; Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our other policies; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and administrative messages;
Provide customer service; Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below); Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; Measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services; and
Personalize the Services, and provide and optimize advertisements, content, and features that match user profiles or interests.